Update gatsby and strapi (#31)
Tietokilta/tikweb-frontend: README.md

## Configuring backend

By default, Gatsby will try to connect to localhost:1337, where Strapi is expected to be running. If you want to use local Strapi, see the set up guide in the `tikweb-cms` repository. If you want to instead connect to the production version of Strapi, rename the `.env.example` file to `.env.development`, and put the following content in the file, if it is not there:

```
STRAPI_URL=https://tikweb-prod-app-cms.azurewebsites.net

> STRAPI_API_KEY=<api key here>

Reviewer: We'll need a stable way of creating this token. By default they only last for like 7 days. Or maybe we should just create one with 20 years expiry and stick it in Secrets? :D

https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/plugins/users-permissions.html#jwt-configuration

I'll create something for now so we can deploy this.

# Common issues

`package-lock.json` changes lockfile version when running `npm i`

> - install the NPM version specified in `.nvmrc` in repository root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- run `nvm use` to install the Node/NPM version specified in `.nvmrc`
```
